# StarlightSonata
Initial
The game is a near-future, quasi-dystopian science fiction. It deals in concepts of trans-humanism, exploration of ethical and philosophical dilemmas, negotiation, problem solving, and violence. The player's actions create the story; the game provides the potential and the repercussions.
	Set in the 'backwater' system of Proxima Centauri, much of the game takes place on an overcrowded space station. New locations throughout the system and beyond are accessible as the player progresses. As humanity expands through the stars, the frontier moves farther away. The settlements left behind are ripe for intrigue, adventure, and dirty jobs.
	Single-player RPG is the core of the game with optional multiplayer capability. Elements of classic turn-based combat mixed with real-time action ques, crafting, dialogue trees' and open-world exploration lead the player through Initiative, Narrative, and Exploration game modes. Travel on foot, driving, and null-g flight sim highlights the expansive setting.
	The core mechanic is pseudo-random number generation simulations based on pen and paper RPG dice rolls. The player has an allotment of actions they can take each turn. The outcomes of these actions are determined by the results of a Test generated by Attributes, Skills, and situational Modifiers.
	PC gaming is the primary platform focus. Console and mobile device versions are the secondary and tertiary foci. Augmented and Virtual Reality support is planned.
	The game and any expansions will sell for a set price, to be determined. Updates and patches will be free. We forbid play-to-win and micro-transactions. If MMORPG gameplay is developed, it will include a monthly subscription.
